It's time for another exercise, and in this exercise, what I want is for us to start building out
the visualization of restaurant list info, write the info component that's going to be rendered eventually
in our list.
And so the first and foremost thing that I want you to go ahead and develop is this card element.
Now, I don't need you to build it from scratch.
No, no.
We're going to be utilizing react native paper and what we're going to be utilizing and react native
paper is something called card.
And so over here you can see different implementations of the card element as well as the usage, the
properties and all of the different things that you can do with it.
And so what I want is I want you to build something visually equivalent to this.
I want you to build out the card.
I want you to show the image, and I want you to show the name of the restaurant that we gave it right.
We gave it all of these defaults.
So the next step is to show this little piece of a visualization.
Awesome.
All right.
In the next video, will look at the solution.